Mom, am I okay?
Thank you Uncle Lin.
Thank you, we...
Are you a bad person or something?
My parents must be worried about it now.
It is our factual expectation to make the best of everything.
An Ansi’s expectation is that he is not suitable for going abroad.
Why doesn't it fit?
After we go abroad, we can click An'an to find a better psychological life.
An'an, isn't this what's wrong with you now?
Thank you. Are you okay with your parents?
Maybe. Today’s children who have the mentality to give you the mentality and the heart and brain don’t know how to understand.
I don’t know if we can
It's not a good time to go up and eat now
I've decided everything
What a peace of mind for you
Every day at 12 noon
I'll keep going up